Terraform init is required before apply (#181)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: examples/deployment/README.md

## Running the example

> run `terraform init && terraform apply` to see it work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the provider using `make install` from the main folder. From within the example's directory run `terrafrom init` to initialize Terrafrom, and `terraform apply` to see it work.
```

> Build the provider using `make install` from the main folder. From within the example's directory run `terrafrom init` to initialize Terrafrom, and `terraform apply` to see it work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Build the provider using `make install` from the main folder. From within the example's directory, run `terraform init` to initialize Terraform, and `terraform apply` to see if it works.
```

Reviewer: same `to see how it works`
